hey guys what is up today Apple released
7.1 which has been in beta for a long
time finally released and I just want to
make a quick update video as I do on
most versions to inform you that the
jailbreak is patched in 7.1 so there
won't be any untethered jailbreak for
all devices in fact the only jailbreak
will be a tethered jailbreak for the
iphone 4 which is pretty miserable so
the options are very slim on 7.1 now if
you go up to 7.1 7.0 point 6 which was
the exploitable current version as of
yesterday will not be available for
downgrade they've stopped signing those
blobs so once you go to 7.1 you can't go
back so in 7.1 very little has changed
if you're on some point 0.6 the ssl a
vulnerability has already been fixed and
if you're jailbroken you can obviously
fix it yourself tiny you I changes got a
few bug fixes here and there also
everything is a little smoother
especially on the older devices so you
can see here's just one a small example
of the differences and 7.1 so not really
a lot of the jailbreak for this will
require a full completely new exploit
and that means that it will easily take
months maybe later this year when iOS 8
comes out because to be honest a lot of
the people were already pissed at
developers were pissed about the taiji
problems and on top of that Apple has
been adding more and more security to
every version making it harder and
harder to jailbreak so I honestly don't
I wouldn't expect a jailbreak until
later this year so if you are Jo broken
and like your customizability and
everything that you have from that out
stay on 7.0 point 6 or lower because 7.1
is going to bring you Jewish huge issues
now another question that being a lot is
why we've been slowed down on the videos
as you probably know adrian and i'm in
college Freddie the other person that
works on the channel is also busy with
college apps now because he's a year
younger than me but it's hard to find
time and
Ben also working a ton on a new project
and and that is the free app life
version 3.0 now we released version who
have been working on for the last and
one sexy and native app completely so
all you gotta do is go to free up life
com and then download that onto your
screen now it's in extreme beta so I'd
only advise people try it out if they're
willing to we'll work out the kinks and
stuff I'll might have a bigger video on
this when everything is worked out and
working a lot better but if you want to
try it just head over there and most the
features are working so that's what's up
make sure to understand that you're
losing your jailbreak for a long time if
you update 7.1 and I'll see you guys
later